Episode 1
Hey, are you home?
Hey, Sako-chan, come in.
Hey, come in.
What do you think you're doing here?
What's the matter?
You're not going to stay here long?
You're going to stay here long?
You know what?
I'm going to be the prince of Yokomachi.
I'm not going to do that.
How can you eat such a bad food?
What's going to happen?
I'm already pissed off.
I'm not going to be the prince of Yokomachi.
If I do that, I'm not going to be the prince of Yokomachi.
I'm going to be the first to get married.
What are you going to do?
Are you going to be a prince of Yokomachi?
What will you do?
You're going to burn the firewood before you become the prince of Yokomachi.
If you put that smoke in your nose, you'll get a bad smell.
You can't do that when you're in a bad state.
I get it.
Hey, you, you, you.
What are you going to do?
You didn't get anything that I had in mind, did you?
You didn't get anything, did you?
You're the son of a extractor.
Where did you get that?
I'm going to be the son of a master in Yokomachi.
You really got nothing, did you?
I don't have money.
I had about 2,000 yen.
Oh, I had about 2,000 yen.
You forgot.
You're the son of a master in Yokomachi.
Where did you get it?
You're lying.
You're a great man.
You should have bought a house.
What?
You're angry.
I have a good memory.
I can remember it.
Have you ever seen a Karakuri?
I've seen it in front of my children.
There's a Karakuri in Yaoya.
It's a war-like Karakuri.
I see.
You're lying.
Are you coming to such places from outside?
Does this still eat times?
Sorry, Yaoya.
We've got some work.
What?
We can rent a house.
Help me do something for me.
What are you doing in here?
You can fix the fire.
I don't know.
Everyone knows that Tokyo is still the best.
I've never heard of it.
Everyone knows that.
What?
The oden is made of the best of the best.
The rice is made of the best of the best.
Is that a good thing?
I don't think so.
It's a good thing.
It's not bad.
I don't think so.
I'm a big man.
I don't know what he's talking about.
I'm not that kind of person.
What can I buy?
I don't know what to buy.